---
title: Full Notes
parent: 6. Meeting, Jan 18 2021
grand_parent: Meeting Notes
has_children: false
nav_order: 1
---

# **Sixth Meeting: Monday, Jan 18⋅3:00 – 4:00pm UTC**


## Welcome new people
* Rowland from Agoric
	* Joined Fall
* Vanessa from Agoric
	* Director of Partnerships
* Benedict Lau
	* new to ecosystem, bg in engineering ?& mesh networks and dweb
	* work with group in Tornoto called Hyperworker Cooperative
* Sean King (Interchain GmbH)
	* Engineering at SAP and BrickBlock mostly in Eth
* Kwun (Forbole & Desmos)
	* BigDipper & Desmos
* Alex Bez (Interchain GmbH)
	* Tendermint Core team
* Deepanshu (Persistence)
	* NFT working group
* Philipp Klein (Ape Unit)
	* Full Stack Blockchain
* Peng Zhong (Tendermint Inc)
	* CEO
	* Chain Name System
	* Starport


## Chain Registry Updates
### [Atlas](https://atlas.cosmos.network) (Bez)
* Weights for nodes?
* For every node we reach we can set metadata about it
	* inbound and outbound connections
	* syncing or caught up
	* liveness
* Attribute a health score / weight
* Crawls every configurable duration
### ApeUnit
* [Registry Issues](https://github.com/cosmos/registry/issues)
### New Working Groups
* Wallets and Explorers
* Chain Naming Service / Registry
	* Topics
		* Auctions on hub
		* Starport
	* Tasks
		* More chains use the github registry with contributors permissions
			* Desmos
			* Agoric (testnet)
		* New Registry Topics
			* Chain-ID
			* Genesis?
			* Account addresses?
			* IPFS?
			* SeedNodes
		* Registration System
			* Buy & Sell IDs
			* Register for free with certain prefixes?
			* Shorter Chain IDs could be purchased, proceeds could go to community pool
			* Blockstack Method
				* put money in a wallet and allow to spend from it for new project(?)
			* **Weekly call & write a spec**
* DID / Accounts
### Block Explorers
* ZTake & [Map of Zones](https://mapofzones.com/) [WAIT TIL NEXT WEEK]
* Welcome BigDipper

### [Mobile Development Survey](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfS1lBtCBtPtpCzoBfPw78XmIV-V04N0DIrAYcuq0OQJ2kMAw/viewform)
### Survey from ApeUnit
* Future topics
	* WalletConnect
	* Interchain Accounts
	* Flutter and Mobile Development
	* Groups and Sub-Keys Modules
	* Identity